If you were in a circus, which character would you be?
What is the worst advice you have given?
What is one thing you should never say at a wedding?
What is the worst pickup line you have ever heard?
If you could only store one type of food in your pocket, what would you carry?
What is the worst present you have ever received and why?
If you were a farm animal, which would you be and why?
What is the worst first date you have ever been on?
Have you ever stalked someone on social media?
What is the best part about taking a selfie?
What is your favorite celebrity scandal?
If you could do anything illegal without getting caught, what would you do?
What is the weirdest food combination you’ve ever tried?
Did you have an imaginary friend? What was his/her name?
Have you ever had a dream where everyone was in their underwear?
Who’s your favorite comedian?
Have you ever been on a blind date?
If you could make up a school subject, what would it be?
What is your very favorite letter of the alphabet? Why?
If someone gave you 20 dollars, what would you buy with it?
If you had a chance to eat dessert for breakfast every day, what dessert would you choose?
What is the first thing you think about when you wake up in the morning?
Which animal at the zoo do you like best?
If your friend is sad, what do you do to make them feel better?
If you had the opportunity to invent a new ice cream flavor, what would it be?
What is the silliest thing someone has ever said to you?
What’s your idea of a perfect playground?
What’s your favorite word?
Would you switch roles with your parent if you had the chance?
When was the last time you used the words “thank you”?
If you had a robot for the entire day, what would you ask it to do?
Do you prefer cold weather or hot weather?
If you never had to eat one vegetable, which would it be?
What was the last thing that made you smile?
What is your favorite part about school? Your least favorite?
How do you make friends?
Who makes you laugh the most?
What do you most like about yourself?
What hurts your feelings?
If you could be famous, would you want to? Why?
Who is a celebrity you admire?
What made you laugh at school today?
Did anything make you upset today?
If you could have more friends, would you?
What do you like most about your friends?
Is there anyone at school you’d like to know better?
Have you ever lost a friend? Why?
Where do you want to be ten years from now?
If you had $100, what would you spend it on?
Is there something you’d want to do as a family?
If you were to choose one way to be disciplined, what would it be?
What do you think are the best traits for a person to have?
Would you ever get a tattoo? What would it be?
What do you think is a good age to start dating?
Why do you think popular kids are popular?
If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you choose and why?
What is something you wish you could do everyday?
What’s something not many people know about you?
What are you most passionate about?
What makes you laugh out loud?
What was your favorite thing to do as a kid?
Who do you text the most?
What do you like to cook the most?
What’s your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite book?
Who is most influential in your life?
What was your best friend’s name growing up?
How do you spend your mornings?
What’s your all-time favorite band?
What’s your dream job?
What did you study?
What did you want to be growing up?
What is the best pickup line you’ve ever used? Heard?
Do you have any nicknames?
What talent do you wish you had?
Where do you see yourself living when you retire?
What is your favorite weekend activity?
Do you have any pet peeves?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What makes you most uncomfortable about dating?
What is your favorite place in the entire world?