When was the last time you lied?
When was the last time you cried?
What's your biggest fear?
What's your biggest fantasy?
Do you have any fetishes?
What's something you're glad your mum doesn't know about you?
Have you ever cheated on someone?
What's the worst thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
Do you have a hidden talent?
Who was your first celebrity crush?
What are your thoughts on polyamory?
What's the worst intimate experience you've ever had?
Have you ever cheated in an exam?
What's the most drunk you've ever been?
Have you ever broken the law?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's your biggest insecurity?
What's the biggest mistake you've ever made?
What's the most disgusting thing you've ever done?
Who would you like to kiss in this room?
What's the worst thing anyone's ever done to you?
Have you ever had a run in with the law?
What's your worst habit?
What's the worst thing you've ever said to anyone?
Have you ever peed in the shower?
What's the strangest dream you've had?
Have you ever been caught doing something you shouldn't have?
What's the worst date you've been on?
What's your biggest regret?
What's the biggest misconception about you?
Where's the weirdest place you've had sex?
Why did your last relationship break down?
Have you ever lied to get out of a bad date?
What's the most trouble you've been in? 
How many phones have you broken? - DylanP
Have you ever stolen anything - Emily9458💚
are you famous? - kaylee
If you could travel anywhere in the world where would you go? - kim_x05__
Do you like fruit and vegetables? - Emily9458💚
When was the last time you went outside and what did you do? - Emily9458💚
what is a secret you kept from your parents? - RHINO
who is the last person you creeped on social media? - RHINO
Do you like rock climbing? - Emily9458💚
what is your biggest regret - RHINO
If you could go back to any time in your life what would it be? - kim_x05__
when was the last time you wet the bed - RHINO
what is the craziest pickup line you've ever used - RHINO
What is the most romantic thing you've ever experienced? - kim_x05__
who is the person you text the most? - RHINO
what's your favourite part of your body? - RHINO
what are the top three things you look for in a boyfriend/girlfriend? - RHINO
What is the setting of your dream date? - kim_x05__
have you ever gone skinny dipping - RHINO
What is the strangest dream you've ever had? - kim_x05__
name someone you've pretended to like but actually couldn't stand - RHINO
what's your most bizarre nickname? - RHINO
what's been your most physically painful experience? - RHINO
what is  one movie you are afraid to admit you enjoy? - RHINO
do you believe in any superstitions? if so, which ones? - RHINO
have you ever peed in a pool? - RHINO
which app do you do you waste the most time on? - RHINO
what's the weirdest thing you have done on a plane? - RHINO
what's the youngest age partner you'd date? - RHINO
have you ever lied about your age? - RHINO
whats your greatest fear in a relationship? - RHINO
which family member annoys you the most and why - RHINO
what celebrity do you think is overrated? - RHINO
do you still have feelings for any of your exs - RHINO
have you ever ghosted a friend? - RHINO
If you switched genders for a day what would you do? - RHINO
If you had to pick someone in this server to be your partner on a game show, who would it be and why? - RHINO
would you date someone shorter than you? - RHINO
have you ever lied for a friend? - RHINO
if you could become invisible, whats the worst thing you would do? - RHINO
have you ever farted and blamed it on someone else? - RHINO
how many people have you kissed? - RHINO
have you ever farted in an elevator? - RHINO
Are you scared of getting old? - RHINO
what's the last movie that made you cry? - RHINO
has anyone ever walked in on you in the bathroom? - RHINO
what's the last thing you googled? - RHINO
what's the last song that made you cry? - RHINO
have you ever been arrested? - RHINO
who's the most surprising person to ever slide into your dms? - RHINO